README.md, before:

# EVA - AI personal Assistant

## Description

This project is an interactive web application that provides an AI personal assistant with long/short memory and various tools. The assistant is powered by the Langchain library and can perform tasks such as creating and managing projects, adding and deleting reminders, reading and writing files, and more.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-repo.git`
2. Install the dependencies: `pip install -r requirements.txt`
3. Set up the environment variables:
   - `PROJECT_DATA_PATH`: Path to the directory where the project data will be stored (default: `./data/projects.xlsx`)
   - `DEFAULT_EXCEL_PATH`: Path to the default Excel file (default: `./data/projects.xlsx`)
   - `DEFAULT_PDF_PATH`: Path to the default PDF file (default: `./data/sample.pdf`)
   - `DEFAULT_FILE_PATH`: Path to the default file (default: `./data/sample.txt`)
   - `DEFAULT_WEB_SEARCH_ENGINE`: The search engine to use for web searches (default: `DuckDuckGoSearchResults`)
4. Start the server: `python server.py`

## Usage

1. Open the application in your web browser: `http://localhost:5000`
2. Use the web interface to interact with the assistant.
3. Type your query in the input field and press Enter to get a response from the assistant.

## Features

- AI personal assistant with long/short memory
- Create and manage projects
- Add and delete reminders
- Read and write files
- Perform web searches
- Read PDF files

## Technologies Used

- Flask
- HTML/CSS/JavaScript
- Langchain
- PyYAML
- SQLAlchemy
- Pandas
- OpenPyXL
- Requests
- PyPDF2

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvements, please create an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more information.

Commit message:

updated with tools and local and online llm

README.md, after:

# EVA - A Command-Line AI Personal Assistant

## Description

This project is a command-line interface (CLI) based AI personal assistant named EVA. It utilizes the Langchain library to provide a conversational interface with long and short-term memory. The assistant is equipped with a variety of tools to interact with the local system, including file system operations, project management, reminders, and web search.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-repo.git`
2. Install the dependencies: `pip install -r requirements.txt`

## Usage

The CLI has two modes of operation:

*   **Interactive Chat:** To start an interactive chat session, run:
    ```bash
    python main.py chat
    ```
*   **Direct Command:** To send a single message to the agent, run:
    ```bash
    python main.py chat "your message here"
    ```

## Features

- AI personal assistant with long/short memory
- Create and manage projects
- Add and delete reminders
- Read and write files
- Perform advanced web searches with content summarization
- Find job listings from Google Jobs
- Search and play YouTube videos
- Open applications on your system
- Read PDF files

## Technologies Used

- Python
- Langchain
- Langgraph
- Pandas
- OpenPyXL
- python-dotenv
- click
- rich
- pywhatkit

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvements, please create an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
